svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/vison:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/vison
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/vison/
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/vison/:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/vison
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/vison/
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/cmdctrl/:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/cmdctrl/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/cmdctrl
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/cmdctrl:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/cmdctrl/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/cmdctrl
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/sgcb/sgcb.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/sgcb/sgcb.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/simgrid/sgcb
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/adage:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/adage
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/adage
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/adage:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/adage
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/adage
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/adfg:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/adfg
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/adfg
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/adfg:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/adfg
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/adfg
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/tplib/tplib.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/tplib/tplib.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/allamige/tplib.git
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/mpcheck:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/mpcheck
                               1 : https://github.com/tkreuzer/mpcheck
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/mpfi:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/mpfi
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/mpfi
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/mpfi:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/mpfi
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/mpfi
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/mpfr/:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/mpfr/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/mpfr
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/msofa/msofa.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/msofa/msofa.git
                               1 : https://github.com/courtecuisse/msofa
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/tchebyapprox/tchebyapprox.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/tchebyapprox/tchebyapprox.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/brisebar/tchebyapprox.git
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/openalea/:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/openalea/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/openalea
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/openalea:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/openalea/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/openalea
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/metalibm/metalibm.git:
                               2 : https://github.com/pombredanne/metalibm
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/metalibm/metalibm.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/autotools-demo/autotools-demo.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/autotools-demo/autotools-demo.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/lcourtes/autotools-demo.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/stdatomic/stdatomic.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/stdatomic/stdatomic.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/gustedt/stdatomic.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/sams/sams.git:
                               2 : https://framagit.org/nberth/sams.git
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/sams/sams.git
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/ork:
                               1 : https://github.com/shelltdf/ork
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/ork
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/orwl/orwl.git:
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/gustedt/orwl.git
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/orwl/orwl.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/simplet/simplet.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/simplet/simplet.git
                               1 : https://github.com/pbench/simplet
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/spade/spade.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/spade/spade.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/ncedilni/spade.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/bronstein-codes/bronstein-codes.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/bronstein-codes/bronstein-codes.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/mezzarob/bronstein-codes.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/cycabhdk/:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/cycabhdk/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/cycabhdk
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/cycabhdk:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/cycabhdk/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/cycabhdk
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/cycabtk:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/cycabtk
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/cycabtk/
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/cycabtk/:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/cycabtk
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/cycabtk/
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/shnell/shnell.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/shnell/shnell.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/gustedt/shnell.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/dose/dose.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/dose/dose.git
                               1 : https://github.com/Et7f3/dose3
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/alecsia/alecsia.git:
                               2 : https://framagit.org/mikaels/alecsia.git
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/alecsia/alecsia.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/ppsimpl/ppsimpl.git:
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/fbesson/ppsimpl.git
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/ppsimpl/ppsimpl.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/kermeta/:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/kermeta/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/kermeta
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/kermeta:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/kermeta/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/kermeta
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/kermeta2/kermeta2.git:
                               1 : https://github.com/diverse-project/kermeta2
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/kermeta2/kermeta2.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/sigmasig-c/sigmasig-c.git:
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/fmouhart/sigmasig-c.git
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/sigmasig-c/sigmasig-c.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/parcorr/parcorr.git:
                               1 : https://github.com/zhhasq/parCorrSpark
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/parcorr/parcorr.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/apollo/apollo.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/apollo/apollo.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/pclauss/apollo.git
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/cadcoq:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/cadcoq
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/bertot/cadcoq.git
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/rctrl:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/rctrl
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/rctrl/
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/rctrl/:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/rctrl
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/rctrl/
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/codisasm/codisasm.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/codisasm/codisasm.git
                               1 : https://github.com/8l/codisasm
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/hmd-tmo/hmd-tmo.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/hmd-tmo/hmd-tmo.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/igoude/hmd-tmo.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/zenosolver/zenosolver.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/zenosolver/zenosolver.git
                               1 : https://github.com/aquemy/ZenoSolver
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/abilix:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/abilix
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/abilix
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/abilix:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/abilix
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/abilix
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/orccad-mt/:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/orccad-mt/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/orccad-mt
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/orccad-mt:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/orccad-mt/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/orccad-mt
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/orccad/:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/orccad/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/orccad
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/orccad:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/orccad/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/orccad
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/reatk/reatk.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/reatk/reatk.git
                               2 : https://framagit.org/reaple/reatk.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/gar6more3d/gar6more3d.git:
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/jdiaz/gar6more3d.git
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/gar6more3d/gar6more3d.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/rwcpop-chordseq/rwcpop-chordseq.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/rwcpop-chordseq/rwcpop-chordseq.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/amarmore/rwc_quaero_annotations.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/kayrebt/kayrebt.git:
                               1 : https://github.com/lgeorget/KayrebtExtractor
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/kayrebt/kayrebt.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/cmod/cmod.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/cmod/cmod.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/gustedt/modular-c.git
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/ola/:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/ola/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/ola
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/ola:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/ola/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/ola
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/git-svnsync/git-svnsync.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/git-svnsync/git-svnsync.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/abaire/git-svnsync.git
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svn/padico:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svn/padico
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/padico
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/padico:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svn/padico
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/padico
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/pm2:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/pm2
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svn/pm2
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svn/pm2:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/pm2
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svn/pm2
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/pdcbioevol/pdcbioevol.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/pdcbioevol/pdcbioevol.git
                               2 : https://bitbucket.org/thf772/pdcbioevol-nesi
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/elements/elements.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/elements/elements.git
                               2 : https://github.com/SAMSON-Connect/SAMSON-Elements
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/fdf/:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/fdf/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/fdf
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/fdf:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/fdf/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/fdf
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/puiseuxth/puiseuxth.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/puiseuxth/puiseuxth.git
                               1 : https://github.com/roglo/puiseuxth
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/nunchaku/nunchaku.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/nunchaku/nunchaku.git
                               1 : https://github.com/nunchaku-inria/nunchaku
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/hubble/hubble.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/hubble/hubble.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/lcourtes/hubble.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/tpcisedren/tpcisedren.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/tpcisedren/tpcisedren.git
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/tpcisedsaclay/tpcisedsaclay.git
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/tpcisedncy/tpcisedncy.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/gobbolino/gobbolino.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/gobbolino/gobbolino.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/erable/gobbolino.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/erable/gobbolino
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/eucalypt/eucalypt.git:
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/erable/eucalypt.git
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/eucalypt/eucalypt.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/erable/eucalypt
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/stkpp/stkpp.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/stkpp/stkpp.git
                               2 : https://git.code.sf.net/p/stkpp/git
                               2 : https://framagit.org/Joblion/stkpp.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/gappa/gappa.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/gappa/gappa.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/gappa/gappa.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/gappa/gappa
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/depgraph/depgraph.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/depgraph/depgraph.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/almanach/mgkit/depgraph
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/almanach/mgkit/depgraph.git
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/openembedd-rep:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/openembedd-rep
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/diverse/gforge-migration/openembedd/openembedd-rep.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/diverse/gforge-migration/openembedd/openembedd-rep
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/mesure:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/mesure
                               1 : https://github.com/jcordry/Mesure
                               0 : https://github.com/wangganggithub/Mesure
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/simterpose/simterpose.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/simterpose/simterpose.git
                               1 : https://github.com/mquinson/simterpose
                               0 : https://github.com/Desperado17/simterpose
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/siren/siren.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/siren/siren.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/egalbrun/siren.git
                               1 : https://github.com/envil/redescription-mining-code
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/damaris/damaris.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/damaris/damaris.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/Damaris/damaris.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/Damaris/damaris
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/cfi-c/cfi-c.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/cfi-c/cfi-c.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/cidre-public/cfi-c
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/cidre-public/cfi-c.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/momo-sysbio/momo-sysbio.git:
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/erable/momo-sysbio.git
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/momo-sysbio/momo-sysbio.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/erable/momo-sysbio
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/focalide/focalide.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/focalide/focalide.git
                               1 : https://github.com/pessaux-f/focalize
                               0 : https://github.com/rafoo/focalize
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/polar/polar.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/polar/polar.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/polar/polar.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/polar/polar
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/pvs-with-proofs/pvs-with-proofs.git:
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/ghondet/pvs-with-proofs.git
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/pvs-with-proofs/pvs-with-proofs.git
                               1 : https://github.com/Deducteam/pvs-with-proofs
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/cdboost/cdboost.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/cdboost/cdboost.git
                               1 : https://github.com/SimulationEverywhere/cdboost
                               0 : https://github.com/romancardenas/cdboost
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/avisogenies/avisogenies.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/avisogenies/avisogenies.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/roberdam/avisogenies.git
                               1 : https://github.com/edgarcosta/CHIMP
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/dpe/:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/dpe/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/dpe
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/zimmerma/dpe.git
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/dpe:
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/dpe/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/dpe
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/zimmerma/dpe.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/prequel-pql/prequel-pql.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/prequel-pql/prequel-pql.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/lawall/prequel-pql.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/lawall/prequel-pql
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/jmake-release/jmake-release.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/jmake-release/jmake-release.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/lawall/jmake-release.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/lawall/jmake-release
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/mirinho/mirinho.git:
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/erable/mirinho.git
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/mirinho/mirinho.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/erable/mirinho
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/pitufo/pitufo.git:
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/erable/pitufo.git
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/pitufo/pitufo.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/erable/pitufo
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/apollo-benchs/apollo-benchs.git:
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/pclauss/apollo-benchs.git
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/apollo-benchs/apollo-benchs.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/pclauss/apollo.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/ssabook/:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/ssabook/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/ssabook
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/ssabook/
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/ssabook:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/ssabook/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/ssabook
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/ssabook/
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/ssabook/:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/svn/ssabook/
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/ssabook
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/ssabook/
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/ib-bgmres-dr/ib-bgmres-dr.git:
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/solverstack/fabulous.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/solverstack/fabulous
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/ib-bgmres-dr/ib-bgmres-dr.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/coala/coala.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/coala/coala.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/erable/coala.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/erable/coala
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/execo/execo.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/execo/execo.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/bjonglez/execo.git
                               2 : https://codeberg.org/frnmst/python-packages-source.git
                               2 : https://framagit.org/frnmst/python-packages-source.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/mpc-walkgen/mpc-walkgen.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/mpc-walkgen/mpc-walkgen.git
                               1 : https://github.com/andrei-herdt/walkgen
                               0 : https://github.com/Ke-Wang1017/walkgen
                               0 : https://github.com/WangKeAlchemist/walkgen
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/mpc/mpc.git:
                               2 : http://git.baserock.org/git/delta/mpc-git.git
                               2 : https://git.baserock.org/git/delta/mpc-git.git
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/mpc/mpc.git
                               1 : https://github.com/chipcraft-ic/toolchain-component-mpc
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/holide/holide.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/holide/holide.git
                               0 : https://github.com/rafoo/Holide
                               0 : https://github.com/XVilka/Holide
                               1 : https://github.com/Deducteam/Holide
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/cfml/cfml.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/cfml/cfml.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/agueneau/cfml.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/charguer/cfml.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/ltestard/cfml.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/formalmetacoq/formalmetacoq.git:
                               0 : https://github.com/njayinthehouse/formalmetacoq
                               1 : https://github.com/charguer/formalmetacoq
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/formalmetacoq/formalmetacoq.git
                               0 : https://github.com/mariojppereira/formalmetacoq
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/datalift/datalift.git:
                               1 : https://github.com/The-Alchemist/datalift
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/datalift/datalift.git
                               1 : https://github.com/datalift-project/datalift
                               0 : https://github.com/tendrie/datalift
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/zenon/zenon.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/zenon/zenon.git
                               1 : https://github.com/Deducteam/zenon_modulo
                               0 : https://github.com/elhaddadyacine/zenon_modulo
                               0 : https://github.com/gburel/zenon_modulo
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/kaapi/kaapi.git:
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/openmp/kaapi.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/openmp/kaapi
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/kaapi/kaapi.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/openmp/energy.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/openmp/energy
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/p99/p99.git:
                               1 : https://github.com/jweyrich/p99
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/p99/p99.git
                               0 : https://github.com/jonknet/p99
                               0 : https://github.com/dangyajun/c-utils
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/gustedt/p99.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/schnaps/schnaps.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/schnaps/schnaps.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/bramas/schnaps.git
                               1 : https://github.com/phelluy/SCHNAPS
                               0 : https://github.com/boileaum/schnaps
                               1 : https://github.com/phelluy/schnaps
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/coqine/coqine.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/coqine/coqine.git
                               0 : https://github.com/XVilka/CoqInE
                               1 : https://github.com/Deducteam/CoqInE
                               1 : https://github.com/Deducteam/GeoCoqInE-Euclid
                               1 : https://github.com/Deducteam/GeoCoqInE-Tarski
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/zenonide/zenonide.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/zenonide/zenonide.git
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/zenon/zenon.git
                               1 : https://github.com/Deducteam/zenon_modulo
                               0 : https://github.com/elhaddadyacine/zenon_modulo
                               0 : https://github.com/gburel/zenon_modulo
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/bertifier/bertifier.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/bertifier/bertifier.git
                               0 : https://github.com/curran/bertifier
                               1 : https://github.com/jdfekete/bertifier
                               0 : https://github.com/jamesscottbrown/bertifier
                               0 : https://github.com/MaGaMeGa/bertifier
                               0 : https://github.com/rampedro/bertifier
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/cigri/cigri.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/cigri/cigri.git
                               1 : https://github.com/oar-team/cigri
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/cigri-ctrl/stage-agustin-yabo.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/cigri-ctrl/stage-agustin-yabo
                               0 : https://github.com/GuilloteauQ/cigri
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/cigri-ctrl/feedforward-approach/cigri-src
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/qtshanoir/qtshanoir.git:
                               1 : https://github.com/Inria-Empenn/QtShanoir
                               1 : https://github.com/Inria-Visages/QtShanoir
                               0 : https://github.com/benoit-combes/QtShanoir
                               0 : https://github.com/rdebroiz/QtShanoir
                               0 : https://github.com/gpasquie/QtShanoir
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/qtshanoir/qtshanoir.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/starpu/starpu.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/starpu/starpu.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/starpu/starpu.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/alisito/starpu.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/mboileau/starpu.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/starpu/starpu
                               1 : https://github.com/starpu-runtime/starpu
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/tlc/tlc.git:
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/charguer/tlc.git
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/tlc/tlc.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/agueneau/tlc.git
                               1 : https://github.com/Mbodin/coq-tlc
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/skeletons/Coq.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/skeletons/Coq
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/akhayam/webi.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/grew/grew.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/grew/grew.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/grew/grew.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/grew/grew
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/yoann/grew.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/yoann/grew
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/pogodall/grew.git
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/semagramme
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/contiki-senslab/contiki-senslab.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/contiki-senslab/contiki-senslab.git
                               0 : https://github.com/boeglin/contiki
                               1 : https://github.com/hipercom-team/contiki-hiper
                               0 : https://github.com/franzi007/rpl-routing-metrics
                               1 : https://github.com/pietrogonizzi/rpl-routing-metrics
                               0 : https://github.com/Amrican10/rpl-routing-metrics
                               1 : https://github.com/RMonica/request-response-rawmac
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/sqgmu/sqgmu.git:
                               1 : https://github.com/vressegu/sqgmu
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/sqgmu/sqgmu.git
                               0 : https://github.com/rocky420/sqgmu
                               0 : https://github.com/CowpatL/sqgmu
                               0 : https://github.com/crouseilles/sqgmu
                               0 : https://github.com/pnavaro/sqgmu
                               1 : https://github.com/vressegu/LU_SALT_SelfSim
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/descarwin/descarwin.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/descarwin/descarwin.git
                               0 : https://github.com/annahedstroem/descarwin
                               2 : https://github.com/skeptycal/descarwin
                               0 : https://github.com/aquemy/descarwin
                               0 : https://github.com/bnjbvr/descarwin
                               0 : https://github.com/michaeldoer/descarwin
                               0 : https://github.com/felisd/descarwin
                               1 : https://github.com/nojhan/descarwin
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/qtdcm/qtdcm.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/qtdcm/qtdcm.git
                               0 : https://github.com/151706061/qtdcm
                               0 : https://github.com/SHINOTECH/qtdcm
                               0 : https://github.com/aabadie/qtdcm
                               0 : https://github.com/amirkogithub/qtdcm
                               0 : https://github.com/idvr/qtdcm
                               0 : https://github.com/zoulianmp/qtdcm
                               0 : https://github.com/frankster85/qtdcm
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/ruby-cute/ruby-cute.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/ruby-cute/ruby-cute.git
                               0 : https://github.com/ArthurGarnier/ruby-cute
                               0 : https://github.com/nirvanesque/ruby-cute
                               1 : https://github.com/ruby-cute/ruby-cute
                               0 : https://github.com/clement-parisot/ruby-cute
                               0 : https://github.com/bpichot/ruby-cute
                               2 : https://github.com/sphilippot/ruby-cute
                               0 : https://github.com/deadlybore/ruby-cute
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/kadeploy3/kadeploy3.git:
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/olbat/kadeploy.git
                               0 : https://github.com/olbat/kadeploy
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/kadeploy3/kadeploy3.git
                               0 : https://github.com/ejeanvoi/kadeploy
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/grid5000/kadeploy
                               0 : https://github.com/lnussbaum/kadeploy
                               1 : https://github.com/madynes/kadeploy
                               0 : https://github.com/npf/kadeploy
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/grid5000/kadeploy.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/flopoco/flopoco.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/flopoco/flopoco.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/rbouar/flo-po-co.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/fdupont/flopoco.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/flopoco/flopoco.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/flopoco/flopoco
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/flopoco/flopoco.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/lforg37/flopoco.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/remi-garcia/flopoco.git
                               1 : https://github.com/hyf6661669/flopoco
                               1 : https://github.com/hyf6661669/FloPoCo
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/sbox-utils/sbox-utils.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/sbox-utils/sbox-utils.git
                               0 : https://github.com/souldady/sboxU
                               0 : https://github.com/csy1234/sboxU
                               1 : https://github.com/lpp-crypto/sboxU
                               0 : https://github.com/adelapie/sboxU
                               0 : https://github.com/Joly-Mathias/sboxU
                               0 : https://github.com/Helen-HL-Yan/sboxU
                               0 : https://github.com/helen1992-epfl/sboxU
                               0 : https://github.com/CRchengrong/sboxU
                               0 : https://github.com/wangqingju/sboxU
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/biips/biips.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/biips/biips.git
                               0 : https://github.com/SteveShaw/biips
                               0 : https://github.com/curiousTauseef/biips
                               1 : https://github.com/biips/biips
                               1 : https://github.com/biips/rbiips
                               1 : https://github.com/biips/matbiips
                               0 : https://github.com/luohc2004/matbiips
                               0 : https://github.com/shuaiadai/matbiips
                               0 : https://github.com/kuonanhong/rbiips
                               0 : https://github.com/marcos-cascone/rbiips
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/coq-interval/coq-interval.git:
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/bertot/interval.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/coqinterval/interval.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/herbelin/interval.git
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/coq-interval/coq-interval.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/egallego/coq-interval.git
                               1 : https://github.com/MSoegtropIMC/interval
                               1 : https://github.com/validsdp/coq-interval
                               1 : https://github.com/jtassarotti/coq-proba
                               0 : https://github.com/stites/coq-proba
                               0 : https://github.com/tarakaramg/coq-proba
                               1 : https://github.com/ejgallego/interval
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/distem/distem.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/distem/distem.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/distem/distem
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/distem/distem.git
                               1 : https://github.com/madynes/distem
                               0 : https://github.com/olbat/distem
                               0 : https://github.com/ejeanvoi/distem
                               0 : https://github.com/camilo1729/distem
                               0 : https://github.com/alxmerlin/distem
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/olbat/distem.git
                               0 : https://github.com/Ododo/distem
                               0 : https://github.com/ksonbol/distem
                               0 : https://github.com/romainOlivo/distem
                               0 : https://github.com/t-valette/distem
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/oar/oar.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/oar/oar.git
                               0 : https://github.com/ApolloBian/oar
                               0 : https://github.com/Pandinosaurus/oar
                               0 : https://github.com/acourbet/oar
                               0 : https://github.com/anagainaru/oar
                               0 : https://github.com/emmanuelthome/oar
                               0 : https://github.com/jonglezb/oar
                               0 : https://github.com/mazhe/oar
                               0 : https://github.com/melissa-sa/oar
                               1 : https://github.com/oar-team/oar
                               0 : https://github.com/omornard/oar
                               0 : https://github.com/potatogim/oar
                               0 : https://github.com/snoir/oar
                               0 : https://github.com/zhangciba/oar
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/flocq/flocq.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/flocq/flocq.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/flocq/flocq.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/fbesson/flocq.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/herbelin/flocq.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/mdenes/flocq.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/pedrot/flocq.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/thery/flocq.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/flocq/flocq
                               1 : https://github.com/JasonGross/flocq
                               1 : https://github.com/eponier/flocq
                               1 : https://github.com/ejgallego/flocq
                               1 : https://github.com/MSoegtropIMC/flocq
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/vbgl/flocq.git
                               1 : https://github.com/validsdp/flocq
                               1 : https://github.com/pi8027/flocq
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/grasp/grasp.git:
                               2 : https://github.com/fred9076/GraSP
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/bgirault/grasp.git
                               0 : https://github.com/EL-BACHIR-KASSIMI/GraSP
                               2 : https://github.com/davijuvencio/GraSP
                               0 : https://github.com/elbachir-one/GraSP
                               0 : https://github.com/gintian/GraSP
                               0 : https://github.com/elbachir-kassimi/GraSP
                               0 : https://github.com/wonlee2019/GraSP
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/grasp/grasp.git
                               0 : https://github.com/davijgsousa/GraSP
                               0 : https://github.com/lmontesinos/GraSP
                               0 : https://github.com/zhangxiqian1997/GraSP
                               1 : https://github.com/GraSP-toolbox/GraSP
                               0 : https://github.com/HuaxingXu/GraSP
                               0 : https://github.com/aitchbi/GraSP
                               0 : https://github.com/mondalanindya/GraSP
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/coquelicot/coquelicot.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/coquelicot/coquelicot.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/thery/coquelicot.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/vbgl/coquelicot.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/coquelicot/coquelicot.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/bertot/coquelicot.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/coquelicot/coquelicot
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/fclement/coquelicot.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/ggilbert/coquelicot.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/letouzey/coquelicot.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/mdenes/coquelicot.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/pedrot/coquelicot.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/pirousse/coquelicot.git
                               1 : https://github.com/MSoegtropIMC/coquelicot
                               1 : https://github.com/jtassarotti/coq-proba
                               0 : https://github.com/stites/coq-proba
                               0 : https://github.com/tarakaramg/coq-proba
                               1 : https://github.com/jtassarotti/coquelicot-ext
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/cado-nfs/cado-nfs.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/cado-nfs/cado-nfs.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/cado-nfs/cado-nfs.git
                               1 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/cado-nfs/cado-nfs
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/thome/cado-nfs.git
                               1 : https://github.com/vinhjaxt/cado-nfs
                               1 : https://github.com/cbouilla/cado-nfs
                               1 : https://github.com/emmanuelthome/cado-nfs-github-copy
                               1 : https://github.com/emmanuelthome/cado-nfs
                               0 : https://github.com/15831944/cado-nfs
                               1 : https://github.com/kenjinote/cado-nfs
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/thome/cado-nfs-exp.git
                               1 : https://github.com/negasora/CTFWriteups
                               2 : https://github.com/livias1726/cado-nfs
                               1 : https://github.com/rudiejd/cado-nfs
                               1 : https://github.com/MichaelBell/cado-nfs
                               0 : https://github.com/zhuce2022/cado-nfs
                               0 : https://github.com/zhuce30hao/cado-nfs
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/asclepiospublic/asclepiospublic.git:
                               0 : https://github.com/Hakim-F/asclepios-public
                               2 : https://github.com/fedral/asclepios-public
                               0 : https://github.com/ocommowi/RPI
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/asclepiospublic/asclepiospublic.git
                               0 : https://github.com/fwzhuangCg/RPI
                               0 : https://github.com/zhuangfangwang/RPI
                               0 : https://github.com/nagyistge/RPI
                               0 : https://github.com/papadop/RPI
                               0 : https://github.com/Florent2305/RPI
                               0 : https://github.com/mathildemerle/RPI
                               0 : https://github.com/medInria/RPI
                               1 : https://github.com/Inria-Asclepios/RPI
                               0 : https://github.com/nzemzemi/RPI
                               0 : https://github.com/MayBeLaterOrNot/RPI
                               2 : https://github.com/jimmyhu4/RPI
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/optimdbs/optimdbs-dependencies/rpi.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/optimdbs/optimdbs-dependencies/rpi
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/openvibe/openvibe.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/openvibe/openvibe.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/openvibe/extras.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/openvibe/extras
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/UbikBSD/Xorg/OpenVibe-extras.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/myd7349/openvibe-extras.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/adesbois/extras.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/jls/extras.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/papadop/extras.git
                               2 : https://bitbucket.org/yrenard/openvibe.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/jls/meta.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/openvibe/meta.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/openvibe/meta
                               1 : https://github.com/dioptre/ovextras
                               1 : https://github.com/dioptre/openvibe
                               1 : https://github.com/lela-bones/OBI
                               1 : https://github.com/lelatbones/OBI
                               0 : https://github.com/Rubiaceae65/docker-bci
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/jgrethe/extras-openvibe.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/batsim/batsim.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/batsim/batsim.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/batsim/batsim.git
                               2 : https://gricad-gitlab.univ-grenoble-alpes.fr/batsim/batsim.git
                               2 : https://gricad-gitlab.univ-grenoble-alpes.fr/batsim/batsim
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/batsim/batsim
                               0 : https://github.com/danilo-carastan-santos/batsim
                               2 : https://github.com/Jolayemisamuel/batsim
                               0 : https://github.com/RaMdsC/batsim
                               0 : https://github.com/adfaure/batsim
                               1 : https://github.com/oar-team/batsim
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/adfaure/batsim.git
                               2 : https://framagit.org/batsim/batsim.git
                               0 : https://github.com/wyywyy23/batsim
                               0 : https://github.com/mpoquet/batsim
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/andasilv/batsim.git
                               0 : https://github.com/lccasagrande/batsim
                               0 : https://github.com/Mema5/batsim
                               0 : https://github.com/mesurajpandey/batsim
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/lastragen/lastragen.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/lastragen/lastragen.git
                               1 : https://github.com/tdegueul/modelanimation
                               1 : https://github.com/gemoc/modelanimation
                               0 : https://github.com/gemoc/SiriusAnimator
                               1 : https://github.com/SiriusLab/SiriusAnimator
                               1 : https://github.com/SiriusLab/ModelDebugging
                               1 : https://github.com/ebousse/gemoc-studio-compilation
                               0 : https://github.com/ebousse/ModelDebugging
                               1 : https://github.com/gemoc/gemoc-studio-compilation
                               1 : https://github.com/gemoc/gemoc-studio-compilation-script
                               0 : https://github.com/ohaegi/ModelDebugging
                               0 : https://github.com/fcoulon/ModelDebugging
                               0 : https://github.com/hendrickhan/ModelDebugging
                               0 : https://github.com/riddle-and-lyre/ModelDebugging
                               0 : https://github.com/y0rk9s/ModelDebugging
                               0 : https://github.com/sportsbitenews/ModelDebugging
                               2 : https://github.com/Tobmayr/ModelDebugging
                               0 : https://github.com/ylussaud/ModelDebugging
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/cudf/cudf.git:
                               2 : https://gitlab.apertis.org/pkg/cudf.git
                               1 : https://github.com/dune-universe/cudf
                               1 : https://github.com/zacchiro/cudf
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/cudf/cudf.git
                               1 : https://github.com/pombredanne/scm.gforge.inria.fr-anonscm-git-cudf-cudf
                               2 : https://salsa.debian.org/ocaml-team/cudf.git
                               2 : https://salsa.debian.org/janitor-team/proposed/cudf.git
                               2 : opam+https://opam.ocaml.org/packages/cudf/
                               2 : https://git.launchpad.net/~git-ubuntu-import/ubuntu/+source/cudf
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/irill/cudf.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/irill/cudf
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/kit-ty-kate/cudf.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/jorge.garcia.gonzalez/cudf.git
                               1 : https://github.com/Et7f3/cudf
                               2 : https://guix.gnu.org/sources.json
                               2 : https://git.dgit.debian.org/cudf
                               1 : https://github.com/Pitometsu/nixfix
                               1 : https://github.com/esy-ocaml/bs-cudf
                               1 : https://github.com/hhvm/hhvm-third-party
https://github.com/pombredanne/scm.gforge.inria.fr-anonscm-git-cudf-cudf:
                               2 : https://gitlab.apertis.org/pkg/cudf.git
                               1 : https://github.com/dune-universe/cudf
                               1 : https://github.com/zacchiro/cudf
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/cudf/cudf.git
                               1 : https://github.com/pombredanne/scm.gforge.inria.fr-anonscm-git-cudf-cudf
                               2 : https://salsa.debian.org/ocaml-team/cudf.git
                               2 : https://salsa.debian.org/janitor-team/proposed/cudf.git
                               2 : opam+https://opam.ocaml.org/packages/cudf/
                               2 : https://git.launchpad.net/~git-ubuntu-import/ubuntu/+source/cudf
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/irill/cudf.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/irill/cudf
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/kit-ty-kate/cudf.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/jorge.garcia.gonzalez/cudf.git
                               1 : https://github.com/Et7f3/cudf
                               2 : https://guix.gnu.org/sources.json
                               2 : https://git.dgit.debian.org/cudf
                               1 : https://github.com/Pitometsu/nixfix
                               1 : https://github.com/esy-ocaml/bs-cudf
                               1 : https://github.com/hhvm/hhvm-third-party
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/dose-testdata/dose-testdata.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/dose-testdata/dose-testdata.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/irill/dose3.git
                               1 : https://gitlab.com/irill/dose3
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/kit-ty-kate/dose3.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/josch/dose3.git
                               0 : https://github.com/pombredanne/dose
                               0 : https://github.com/ManasJayanth/dose
                               1 : https://github.com/dune-universe/dose
                               1 : https://github.com/IRILL/dose3
                               1 : https://github.com/FauxFaux/fbuilder
                               0 : https://github.com/pombredanne/fbuilder
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/dose/dose.git
                               1 : https://github.com/Et7f3/dose3
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/dra27/dose3.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/pkuwangh/dose3.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/sblondon/dose3.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/smu-ggl/dose3.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/theeduardorfs/dose3.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/xusine/dose3.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/simctn/simctn.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/simctn/simctn.git
                               1 : https://github.com/oar-team/batsim-env-recipes
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/adfaure/batsim.git
                               1 : https://github.com/oar-team/batsim
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/batsim/batsim.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/batsim/batsim
                               2 : https://github.com/freuk/batsim
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/batsim/batsim.git
                               2 : https://gricad-gitlab.univ-grenoble-alpes.fr/batsim/batsim.git
                               2 : https://gricad-gitlab.univ-grenoble-alpes.fr/batsim/batsim
                               0 : https://github.com/adfaure/batsim
                               0 : https://github.com/danilo-carastan-santos/batsim
                               2 : https://github.com/Jolayemisamuel/batsim
                               0 : https://github.com/RaMdsC/batsim
                               2 : https://framagit.org/batsim/batsim.git
                               0 : https://github.com/wyywyy23/batsim
                               0 : https://github.com/mpoquet/batsim
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/andasilv/batsim.git
                               0 : https://github.com/lccasagrande/batsim
                               0 : https://github.com/Mema5/batsim
                               0 : https://github.com/mesurajpandey/batsim
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/adfaure/rejection-project.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/camlp5/camlp5.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/camlp5/camlp5.git
                               0 : https://github.com/keigoi/camlp5
                               0 : https://github.com/wiltonlazary/camlp5
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/wiltonlazary/camlp5.git
                               0 : https://github.com/Blaisorblade/camlp5
                               0 : https://github.com/GRSEB9S/camlp5
                               0 : https://github.com/geostk/camlp5
                               0 : https://github.com/ojakubcik/camlp5
                               0 : https://github.com/Kakadu/camlp5
                               0 : https://github.com/LdBeth/camlp5
                               0 : https://github.com/YueLiPicasso/camlp5
                               0 : https://github.com/a2line/camlp5
                               1 : https://github.com/camlp5/camlp5
                               0 : https://github.com/chetmurthy/camlp5
                               0 : https://github.com/dra27/camlp5
                               2 : https://github.com/ejgallego/camlp5
                               0 : https://github.com/garrigue/camlp5
                               2 : https://github.com/hgouraud/camlp5
                               0 : https://github.com/jaapb/camlp5
                               0 : https://github.com/jyh/camlp5
                               0 : https://github.com/kit-ty-kate/camlp5
                               2 : https://github.com/nojb/camlp5
                               0 : https://github.com/ppedrot/camlp5
                               2 : https://github.com/sagotch/camlp5
                               0 : https://github.com/xuanruiqi/camlp5
                               0 : https://github.com/benkb/fork-camlp5
                               1 : https://github.com/Kakadu/camlp5_bak
                               1 : https://github.com/joelburget/coq-bucklescript
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/simgrid/simgrid.git:
                               2 : https://framagit.org/simgrid/simgrid.git
                               1 : https://github.com/simgrid/simgrid
                               2 : https://framagit.org/jean-edouard-boulanger/simgrid.git
                               2 : https://framagit.org/Adrien.Gougeon/simgrid-fork.git
                               2 : https://framagit.org/Ezibenroc/simgrid.git
                               2 : https://framagit.org/Jesse-McDonald/simgrid.git
                               2 : https://framagit.org/maxwellpirtle/simgrid.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/simgrid/simgrid.git
                               0 : https://github.com/michaeltansg/simgrid
                               2 : https://framagit.org/Mema5/simgrid.git
                               2 : https://framagit.org/adegomme/simgrid.git
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/simgrid/simgrid.git
                               2 : https://github.com/5l1v3r1/simgrid
                               0 : https://github.com/adegomme/simgrid
                               0 : https://github.com/brianwuuu/simgrid
                               0 : https://github.com/enzomar/simgrid
                               0 : https://github.com/nghiapt15scvaladdin/simgrid
                               0 : https://github.com/xhuanggit/simgrid
                               0 : https://github.com/wyywyy23/simgrid
                               2 : https://framagit.org/bruno.donassolo/simgrid.git
                               2 : https://framagit.org/Webcretaire/simgrid.git
                               2 : https://framagit.org/mpoquet/simgrid.git
                               2 : https://framagit.org/chaix/simgrid.git
                               0 : https://github.com/sthibaul/simgrid
                               2 : https://framagit.org/msimonin/simgrid.git
                               1 : https://github.com/preesm/preesm
                               0 : https://github.com/ehabosaleh/simgrid
                               1 : https://github.com/tanaxer01/simtest
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/pyml/pyml.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/pyml/pyml.git
                               0 : https://github.com/arlencox/pyml
                               1 : https://github.com/thierry-martinez/pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/TyOverby/pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/XVilka/pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/andrewray/pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/vbmithr/pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/kevans91/pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/Sudha247/pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/ddanco/pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/fagan2888/pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/smorimoto/pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/daachi/pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/tmattio/pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/dannywillems/pyml
                               2 : https://github.com/whoek/pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/varunpatro/pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/CraigFe/pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/craigfe/pyml
                               2 : https://github.com/olafhering/ocaml-pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/kailiangji/pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/myfb/pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/olgakx/pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/senoritasport/pyml
                               0 : https://github.com/LaurentMazare/pyml
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/tmartine/packages.git
                               1 : https://github.com/uwplse/coq-plugin-lib
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/dailambda/pyml.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/patate/patate.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/patate/patate.git
                               1 : https://github.com/ZhShEel/multi_hashing
                               0 : https://github.com/HollisJoe/Radium-Engine
                               1 : https://github.com/AGGA-IRIT/Radium-Engine
                               1 : https://github.com/STORM-IRIT/Radium-Engine
                               1 : https://github.com/Zouch/Radium-Engine
                               0 : https://github.com/Toastation/Radium-Engine
                               0 : https://github.com/benardp/Radium-Engine
                               2 : https://github.com/BastienKovac/Radium-Engine
                               0 : https://github.com/yazici/Radium-Engine
                               0 : https://github.com/JaredYeDH/Radium-Engine
                               0 : https://github.com/NadineAB/Radium-Engine
                               0 : https://github.com/PeterZhouSZ/Radium-Engine
                               2 : https://github.com/SDurand7/Radium-Engine
                               0 : https://github.com/SylvainDeker/Radium-Engine
                               2 : https://github.com/ThibaultLejemble/Radium-Engine
                               0 : https://github.com/Zarzwick/Radium-Engine
                               0 : https://github.com/chemseddinehimeur/Radium-Engine
                               0 : https://github.com/louen/Radium-Engine
                               2 : https://github.com/shenlan1994/Radium-Engine
                               0 : https://github.com/sldkr/Radium-Engine
                               0 : https://github.com/whztt07/Radium-Engine
                               0 : https://github.com/yhunahrin/Radium-Engine
                               2 : https://github.com/KevinLicari/stage_radium
                               2 : https://github.com/xuxiaowei007/Radium-Engine
                               0 : https://github.com/dwlcj/Radium-Engine
                               0 : https://github.com/ChristopheClaustre/Radium-Engine
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/patate/patate
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/patate/patate.git
                               1 : https://github.com/kabukunz/patate
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/BaptisteDelos/mesh_proc.git
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/paradiseo/paradiseo.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/paradiseo/paradiseo.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/paradiseo/paradiseo.git
                               1 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/paradiseo/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/CaninoDev/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/coqui-zen/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/coquizen/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/weizhenz96/paradiseo
                               2 : https://github.com/tingyingwu2010/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/pinho/paradiseo
                               2 : https://github.com/a-skz/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/lucasmpavelski/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/GoodLittleStar/paradiseo
                               2 : https://github.com/eAlex79/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/sebwink/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/AlixZh/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/FurongYe/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/Potalas/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/Scicomath/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/aaziz-alaoui/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/filipesaraiva/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/jdreo/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/joker-testeur/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/ktnr/paradiseo
                               1 : https://github.com/nojhan/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/ronaldcuri/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/ropinho/paradiseo
                               0 : https://github.com/xijunlee/paradiseo
                               1 : https://github.com/babky/paradiseo
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/laai/cvrp-metaheuristics-loggi.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/ErnArt/aide-decision.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/ErnArt/optiverel.git
                               1 : https://github.com/pinho/crossover-study
                               1 : https://github.com/ronaldcuri/crossover-study
                               1 : https://github.com/ropinho/crossover-study
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/why3/why3.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/why3/why3.git
                               1 : https://github.com/Coda-Coda/why3-fork
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/bbecker/why3.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/lbaudin/why3.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/pstrub/why3.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/why3/why3.git
                               0 : https://github.com/DSiSc-Justitia/why3
                               1 : https://github.com/DSiSc/why3
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/filliatr/why3.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/mparreir/why3.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/why3/why3
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/paul.bonnot/why3-stage.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/agueneau/why3.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/cpascutt/why3.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/lengrand/why3.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/mariojppereira/why3.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/mmanighe/why3.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/silene/why3.git
                               2 : https://repo.or.cz/why3.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/joaosreis/why3.git
                               2 : https://github.com/pascutto/why3
                               1 : https://github.com/benozol/spark2014-why3
                               1 : https://github.com/AdaCore/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/ACoquereau/why3
                               0 : https://github.com/OCamlPro-Coquera/why3
                               1 : https://github.com/AdaCore/why3
                               0 : https://github.com/kanigsson/spark2014
                               1 : https://github.com/florianschanda/spark_2014
                               0 : https://github.com/Pateldisolution/why3
                               0 : https://github.com/Tubbz-alt/why3
                               1 : https://github.com/florianschanda/why3
                               0 : https://github.com/samy-mahmoudi/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/agarwal-akash/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/arshadkazmi42/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/hanhmchau/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/aerosayan/ada-spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/cbvi/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/docandrew/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/martin-cs/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/repos-ada/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/simonjwright/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/strogo/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/LongJohnCoder/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/Tubbz-alt/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/batmanwgd/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/felenk/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/nyulacska/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/spanners/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/joffreyhuguet/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/Pateldisolution/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/fileec/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/annexi-strayline/spark2014
                               2 : https://bitbucket.org/sberghofer/why3.git
                               0 : https://github.com/dailler/why3
                               0 : https://github.com/dailler/spark2014
                               0 : https://github.com/kanigsson/why3
                               1 : https://github.com/benozol/spark2014
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/why3/whymp.git
                               1 : https://github.com/iguerNL/why3-mirror
                               2 : https://github.com/paulpatault/why3-std
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/cgal-bindings/cgal-bindings.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/cgal-bindings/cgal-bindings.git
                               2 : https://rustychris-apollonius.googlecode.com
                               1 : https://github.com/rustychris/rustychris-apollonius
                               0 : https://github.com/pwolfram/rustychris-apollonius
                               1 : https://github.com/chrisidefix/cgal-bindings
                               2 : https://cgal-bindings.googlecode.com
                               1 : https://github.com/CGAL/cgal-swig-bindings
                               2 : https://git.launchpad.net/~thopiekar/cgal/+git/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/lrineau/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/jbeda/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/dongkus/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/Deepaknkumar/cgal-swig-bindings
                               2 : https://github.com/sunleialbert/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/sciencectn/cgal-bindings
                               2 : https://github.com/weddige/cgal-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/cloudcalvin/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/woodscn/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/logilab/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/bratanmol/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/secondmover/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/yaoyu/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/shan23/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/plutoscarab/cgal-swig-bindings
                               2 : https://github.com/daillen/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/wolfv/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/chengxuwei/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/likeprogrammer/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/75341704/cgal-swig-bindings
                               2 : https://github.com/cstampfel/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/noamgat/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/maxGimeno/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/DRKWang/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/liangwancong/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/lzir/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/cognitedata/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/xantares/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/candrsn/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/gtex1991/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/pos0637/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/ugogon/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/sgiraudot/cgal-swig-bindings
                               2 : https://github.com/edisongustavo/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/amomorning/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/danielcu888/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/Tobias-Fischer/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/liuzhy71/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/Jiunixo/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/aji-geo/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/T4mmi/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/stephensmitchell-forks/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/ac744/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/hhc2tech/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/nikhil4595/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/witchwen/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/hyarion/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/knut0815/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/pramukta/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/xzhang311/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/ChrisArsenal/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/sloriot/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/tobiowo/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/mkoeppe/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/pv6/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/divri/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/tomka/cgal-swig-bindings
                               2 : https://github.com/MartinGrignard/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/seetyewsiang/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/aspsee/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/alex-see/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/alexandresee/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/quentan/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/sharib-vision/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/sharibox/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/dzungtum/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/kimukook/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/shapematrix/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/smgadoue/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/tadeu/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/chengaoyu/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/Pranava29/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/nicholascgilpin/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/JDFFTNS/cgal-swig-bindings
                               2 : https://github.com/gimganghwi/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/lmedioni/cgal-swig-bindings
                               2 : https://github.com/crf1111/cgal-swig-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/khumba/cgal-swig-bindings
                               2 : https://sciencectn-cgal-setup.googlecode.com
                               0 : https://github.com/mthrok/cgal-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/daherk2/cgal-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/remche/cgal-bindings
                               2 : https://github.com/Shane-J-Latham/cgal-bindings
                               0 : https://github.com/hd1001/cgal-bindings
                               2 : https://github.com/WillieMaddox/cgal-swig-bindings
                               2 : https://git.launchpad.net/~thopiekar/cgal/+git/cgal-swig-bindings-thopiekar
                               0 : https://github.com/thopiekar/cgal-swig-bindings
                               1 : https://github.com/cdfillmore/lambda_medial_axis
                               2 : https://github.com/sidmani/sald
                               1 : https://github.com/epthed/GhostSystem
                               1 : https://github.com/PBLab/neural_collision_detection
svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/coqprime:
                               1 : https://github.com/thery/coqprime
                               0 : https://github.com/ivan-kapelyukh/coqprime
                               0 : https://github.com/SkySkimmer/coqprime
                               0 : https://github.com/fajb/coqprime
                               0 : https://github.com/proux01/coqprime
                               0 : https://github.com/MSoegtropIMC/coqprime
                               0 : https://github.com/herbelin/coqprime
                               0 : https://github.com/JefferyQ/coqprime
                               0 : https://github.com/vbgl/coqprime
                               0 : https://github.com/maximedenes/coqprime
                               0 : https://github.com/andres-erbsen/coqprime
                               2 : https://github.com/soraros/coqprime
                               2 : svn://scm.gforge.inria.fr/svnroot/coqprime
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/thery/coqprime.git
                               1 : https://github.com/mit-plv/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/JasonGross/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/fromeroj/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/herbelin/fiat-crypto
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/jadep/fiat-crypto.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/JasonGross/fiat-crypto.git
                               0 : https://github.com/MComee87/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/fajb/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/Frosne/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/Bagelwaffles/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/DaddyCal/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/vbgl/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/gtank/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/deathstrob23/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/jashug/fiat-crypto
                               2 : https://github.com/0x64616E69656C/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/davidben/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/whitemike889/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/zoep/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/huitseeker/fiat-crypto
                               2 : https://github.com/b0r3dd3v/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/asghry243/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/CryptoFanOrg/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/josh200501/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/JoesaDmercado/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/stjordanis/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/andres-erbsen/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/06052017/fiat-crypto
                               2 : https://github.com/soraros/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/mattam82/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/MicrohexHQ/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/JefferyQ/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/lukw00heck/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/xinxiangbobby/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/PraveenAsthana123/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/samuelgruetter/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/maximedenes/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/newnix/fiat-crypto
                               2 : https://github.com/ESA-Security-Group/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/Craigdigital/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/ejgallego/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/Browse-holdings/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/blotti31/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/eorloff/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/oyh7333/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/oneworldbd24/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/MASS59/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/conan289/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/dogjg/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/educationofjon/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/indiorojo/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/rojii/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/OBLMFGJE/fiat-crypto
                               2 : https://github.com/5l1v3r1/fiat-crypto
                               2 : https://github.com/procoru/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/rrozestw/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/bitbd83/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/jedisct1/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/Roseysuzaina/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/Androids-help/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/TermuxArch/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/Alski1516777/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/MegoyTambayan/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/NirvanaNimbusa/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/gares/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/jmaytac/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/lucasperin/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/tankofzion/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/babylouie28/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/bshvass/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/adelapie/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/dfaranha/fiat-crypto
                               2 : https://github.com/dwayne45/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/luke-on-security/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/ljzlon/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/fossabot/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/jromy5/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/wkl7227/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/maxprofs-llcio/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/maxprofs-llc/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/Acidburn0zzz/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/acidburn0zzz/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/LindaExchanger/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/LaplaceKorea/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/1tomek8/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/AU-COBRA/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/jess696/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/Queen270/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/bcmhomewood/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/vincenthz/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/hannesm/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/kriskwiatkowski/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/mukeshtiwari/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/stechu/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/mrhaandi/fiat-crypto
                               2 : https://github.com/spector-in-london/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/dendisuhubdy/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/tchajed/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/zeta1999/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/potatosalad/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/Emanfawaz/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/Fawazfawazmhd/fiat-crypto
                               2 : https://git.benjamin.barenblat.name/fiat-crypto.git
                               0 : https://github.com/bbarenblat/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/huitseeker/rust-curve25519-fiat
                               1 : https://github.com/calibra/rust-curve25519-fiat
                               1 : https://github.com/novifinancial/rust-curve25519-fiat
                               2 : https://github.com/Move/rust-curve25519-fiat
                               0 : https://github.com/TumTum23/rust-curve25519-fiat
                               2 : https://github.com/nondejus/rust-curve25519-fiat
                               1 : https://github.com/tfaoliveira/libjc
                               0 : https://github.com/songfu1983/libjc
                               0 : https://github.com/zoep/rust-curve25519-fiat
                               0 : https://github.com/MicrohexHQ/rust-curve25519-fiat
                               0 : https://github.com/jadephilipoom/fiat-crypto
                               1 : https://github.com/RasmusHoldsbjergCSAU/QuadraticFieldExtensions
                               1 : https://github.com/mukeshtiwari/verified-counting
                               1 : https://github.com/elefthei/coqstlczk
                               1 : https://github.com/dip-proto/fiat-crypto
                               0 : https://github.com/KasperSNielsen/AUCurves
                               0 : https://github.com/Kasserne/AUCurves
                               1 : https://github.com/mit-plv/rewriter
                               0 : https://github.com/Riib11/Coda
                               0 : https://github.com/SkySkimmer/rewriter
                               0 : https://github.com/olaure01/rewriter
                               0 : https://github.com/ppedrot/rewriter
                               0 : https://github.com/gares/rewriter
                               0 : https://github.com/ejgallego/rewriter
                               0 : https://github.com/mattam82/rewriter
                               0 : https://github.com/Raw44oe/rewriter
                               0 : https://github.com/jfehrle/rewriter
                               0 : https://github.com/herbelin/rewriter
                               0 : https://github.com/mrhaandi/rewriter
                               0 : https://github.com/Alizter/rewriter
                               0 : https://github.com/JasonGross/rewriter
                               0 : https://github.com/dboulytchev/tex
                               0 : https://github.com/danyaberezun/tex
                               0 : https://github.com/AlexRyzhickov/tex
                               1 : https://github.com/JasonGross/doctoral-thesis
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/mipp/mipp.git:
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/mipp/mipp.git
                               0 : https://github.com/demon-de-laplace/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/hongyunnchen/aff3ct
                               1 : https://github.com/aff3ct/MIPP
                               1 : https://github.com/S18070003/polar_decoder
                               1 : https://github.com/aff3ct/polar_decoder_gen
                               1 : https://github.com/aff3ct/my_project_with_aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/Alan-ic/polar_decoder_gen
                               0 : https://github.com/mythlee/polar_decoder_gen
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/aff3ct/polar_decoder_gen.git
                               0 : https://github.com/MingxuZhang/aff3ct
                               2 : https://github.com/rtajan/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/wenwenhuang/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/wix-alex/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/MindFy/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/OlivierHartmann/aff3ct
                               1 : https://github.com/aff3ct/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/alordred/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/hoangt/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/codechecker123/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/cs0x7f/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/jamy3531/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/JamesTwoTiger/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/leiYan1225/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/zhizhenzhong/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/zilong007/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/cellmata/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/dukkune1/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/JimChowTiger/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/giuliocarot0/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/mathieukapfer/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/zgzhou/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/JimTwoTiger/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/JimZGChow/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/mfbayramoglu/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/ashwanikrrsinha/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/becgabri/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/ljsong/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/sahana-sridhar/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/a-panella/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/cse2011/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/zzm422/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/bonben/aff3ct
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/aff3ct/aff3ct.git
                               0 : https://github.com/thephuong/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/ElsevierSoftwareX/SOFTX_2019_43
                               0 : https://github.com/jinsoo247/SOFTX_2019_43
                               0 : https://github.com/JarryChou/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/marc-andre-lavoie/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/shelok/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/lww513813/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/Loki1998/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/sahwar/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/dustins/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/JinzhiLin/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/BinZhou-Com/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/meisme123/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/mniehus/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/Aishusiva/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/Kainanm/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/FreBlom/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/anubhavguleria47/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/marwanj/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/An00001/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/Ben-Mathews/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/eziohhd/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/V-Italy/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/WilliamMajor/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/chrisqinxz/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/flawk/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/erusyd/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/fab35/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/fstop22/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/jdemel/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/jianding17/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/mythlee/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/noc0lour/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/paulcautereels/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/shaohua0720/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/shihchun/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/wanliqwq/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/wuh90/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/wuzhaojun154/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/xdcesc/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/xshengshe/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/LevyMatan/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/benjilieber/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/yaoxinliu/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/yply/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/frevson/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/appcoreopc/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/graceBaoXP/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/mwaiton/aff3ct
                               2 : https://github.com/PeterJanetka/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/d3matt/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/shelsenchen/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/cfxtby/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/Jerrynv/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/coffeecupee/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/tmartin-gh/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/pramodkirchki/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/Jiaofan-karina/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/alicherifhit/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/feiyunwill/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/kuanwoo/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/Lcrypto/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/naikoreman/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/xingjyue/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/ruoqiong/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/lierbaonudt/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/sqf-ice/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/gdgly/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/SteelBlueVision/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/mgoldshteyn/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/Alan-ic/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/CanoeFZH/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/pecaso/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/praveenmunagapati/aff3ct
                               2 : https://github.com/kouchy/MUrB
                               1 : https://github.com/MisterFruits/MUrB
                               0 : https://github.com/xdcesc/my_project_with_aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/igorauad/my_project_with_aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/Mfn12/my_project_with_aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/daedalus/satellite
                               1 : https://github.com/Blockstream/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/grubles/satellite
                               2 : https://github.com/glslang/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/botweb/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/nvk/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/pjbalt/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/drizzentic/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/B44D3R/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/cryptocurrent/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/normalfaults/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/aospan/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/cn0xroot/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/cheaphunter/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/leadpro/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/djgrasss/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/cgd1/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/J05huq/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/Sophie-Williams/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/thontron/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/litch/satellite
                               2 : https://github.com/shitcoding/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/derrickr/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/haggleburt1972/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/narayanr7/satellite
                               2 : https://github.com/5l1v3r1/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/GroundRod/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/cambricorp/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/spacerik/satellite
                               2 : https://github.com/natnaov8/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/gaybro8777/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/Eden3DPrinter/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/000002FB/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/chrischiedo/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/curly60e/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/1Crazymoney/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/canxkoz/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/RyanAlexander77/satellite
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/entropealabs/satellite.git
                               0 : https://github.com/katokishin/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/azhodl/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/Cherrymotta/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/JK211/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/Stevenans66/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/PinkDiamond1/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/Crypto-Currency-Projects/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/Python-Repository-Hub/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/TK-Prints/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/ofek/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/nordicenergy/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/Is-their-people-who-are-helpful/satellite
                               2 : https://github.com/nondejus/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/alkariuki/satellite
                               2 : https://github.com/alok2599/satellite
                               2 : https://github.com/coasterzu/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/jsarenik/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/Stevenans985900/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/loxadim/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/borderless-superuser/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/jhumphr3y/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/liammichael/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/thelazyceo1/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/carsenk/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/metaspartan/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/theotherside/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/lover33/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/BitSavage0202/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/BlackBullTradingPost/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/StillFantastic/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/zadsa/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/liferocks007/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/KoreNBeatZ/satellite
                               2 : https://github.com/azririch88/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/gizzoXYZ/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/lcsolitary/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/G0hub1/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/keant1/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/killer-meow/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/remyers/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/0ldm0s/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/Amalinda/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/jgamage91/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/cryptobuks/satellite
                               2 : https://github.com/Femchengdu/satellite
                               1 : https://github.com/eric-erki/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/lemonclik/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/Dadogg80/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/Bitchaincapital/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/aricwang88/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/agrawalharshit/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/cbin/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/CharlesHamel/satellite
                               2 : https://github.com/EvanHon1818/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/Palem1988/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/isabelapt/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/milochen0418/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/prashant-shahi/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/BriantOliveira/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/jaxxon33/satellite
                               2 : https://github.com/DanielChuDC/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/godfather911/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/hayscoding/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/yllierop/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/HaysS/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/dominic2017/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/alexanderjsingleton/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/estebanaldana/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/otilrac/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/techhays/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/whatalife96/satellite
                               2 : https://github.com/S0X06/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/peterwillcn/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/vlbos/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/aussiehash/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/gigibaeh/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/hiddenvs/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/igotboredand/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/0x3043/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/binarybodi/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/blockchainguard/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/neohex/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/leanderdulac/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/0xneox/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/vietkungfu/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/dendisuhubdy/satellite
                               1 : https://github.com/Moabbit/BSR
                               0 : https://github.com/jmcabandara/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/joary/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/moosuchot/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/HumanDAO/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/blockc/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/hao518/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/new-economy/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/robdesousa/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/amingzm/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/jonnycrunch/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/Querzel/satellite
                               2 : https://github.com/Shinoa-Fores/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/sensecollective/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/grey0/satellite
                               2 : https://github.com/mstfzbn/satellite
                               2 : https://github.com/CWCorrea/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/mscheel/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/sekmet/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/triggerman722/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/jlaherran/satellite
                               2 : https://github.com/edmitry12/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/popenkomaksim/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/dkbradley/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/Moab-Bit-Coders-Repository/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/martindale/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/bonben/my_project_with_aff3ct
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/aff3ct/my_project_with_aff3ct.git
                               2 : https://github.com/junglelab-io/satellite
                               0 : https://github.com/jonnycrunch/gr-blocksat
                               2 : https://github.com/thedeprecatedones/gr-blocksat
                               0 : https://github.com/SurikKrdoyan/gr-blocksat
                               0 : https://github.com/McuMirror/gr-blocksat
                               0 : https://github.com/SurKrd/gr-blocksat
                               1 : https://github.com/Blockstream/gr-blocksat
                               0 : https://github.com/cryptobuks/gr-blocksat
                               0 : https://github.com/sahana-sridhar/my_project_with_aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/plasx0n/my_project_with_aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/yuben75/my_project_with_aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/BeSturm/my_project_with_aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/jdayana/my_project_with_aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/karimalabbasy/my_project_with_aff3ct
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/acassagn/mandelbrot.git
                               0 : https://github.com/JohnOrc/my_project_with_aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/Sciroccogti/my_project_with_aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/ibarron9216/my_project_with_aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/JimChowTiger/gr-blocksat
                               0 : https://github.com/JimTwoTiger/gr-blocksat
                               0 : https://github.com/JimZGChow/gr-blocksat
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/fec/MIPP.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/fec/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/hoangt/MIPP
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/ben-mathews/dvbs2_fec_processor.git
                               2 : https://bitbucket.org/simonrus/aff3ct-lib.git
                               0 : https://github.com/klimentyev/aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/OlivierHartmann/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/MingxuZhang/PolarCodesDNN
                               0 : https://github.com/ruafra/PolarCodesDNN
                               1 : https://github.com/adrianpike/capn-midnight
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/aff3ct/MIPP.git
                               0 : https://github.com/Belial2010/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/sjz207/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/sqf-ice/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/zhouqun92/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/Nfreewind/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/plume/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/EMinsight/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/xxsong5/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/SPKorhonen/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/CanoeFZH/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/xj361685640/MIPP
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/icov/src/core
                               0 : https://github.com/cfxtby/MIPP
                               2 : https://github.com/pengdada/MIPP
                               2 : https://github.com/s1s5/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/zking77/MIPP
                               2 : https://github.com/wuyuanmm/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/zgzhou/dvbs2
                               0 : https://github.com/JamesTwoTiger/dvbs2
                               0 : https://github.com/JimChowTiger/dvbs2
                               0 : https://github.com/JimTwoTiger/dvbs2
                               0 : https://github.com/JimZGChow/dvbs2
                               1 : https://github.com/bonben/fpga_pcie_aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/cosinusm/galax_eleves
                               0 : https://github.com/lomn/galax_eleves
                               0 : https://github.com/Elzizou/galax_eleves
                               0 : https://github.com/sellaziz/galax_eleves
                               0 : https://github.com/bob292/galax_eleves
                               0 : https://github.com/MOLLARDAmbre/galax_eleves
                               0 : https://github.com/SamuelleMollard/galax_eleves
                               0 : https://github.com/cyclimse/galax_eleves
                               0 : https://github.com/HeihaSourire/galax_eleves
                               0 : https://github.com/WangYuming1/galax_eleves
                               0 : https://github.com/mythlee/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/yanshangongzi/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/feiyunwill/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/khawatkom/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/bonben/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/generalzzd/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/ZiqiChai/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/aemior/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/lQLI/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/WilliamMajor/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/sithpz/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/RaphaelK12/MIPP
                               2 : https://github.com/liaoyinan/MIPP
                               2 : https://github.com/liuyudian/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/tandes/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/light1707/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/ngbtrung2904/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/dawoserr/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/chengwei920412/MIPP-simd
                               0 : https://github.com/tipi-deps/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/noc0lour/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/caojinpei/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/jjstecchino/MIPP
                               2 : https://github.com/qdet/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/hongchanroh/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/xu78guo6/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/longsy316/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/mkeryell/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/Chris-wu1/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/shaohua0720/MIPP
                               2 : https://github.com/zhy29563/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/foow/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/ishine/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/ExternalRepositories/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/SpaceView/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/benjilieber/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/GreenDamTan/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/LHC00/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/zhaixingzhe/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/89g/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/sahana-sridhar/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/shoz-f/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/jakemumu/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/hayguen/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/fstop22/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/zcZhangCheng/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/haveneer/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/GerHobbelt/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/flori-uni/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/fritterhoff/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/SimplyXing/MIPP
                               1 : https://github.com/CarlosEduardoFerreira/vsatak_plugin
                               0 : https://github.com/nishankhadka09/vsatak_plugin
                               0 : https://github.com/samigamer1999/galax_eleves
                               1 : https://github.com/n2oblife/galax
                               1 : https://github.com/mm0806son/2202_UE_H_PARPING
                               0 : https://github.com/mm0806son/Project_GALAX
                               1 : https://github.com/hardesk/stir
                               0 : https://github.com/andrewreeman/imogen
                               0 : https://github.com/bonben/py_aff3ct
                               0 : https://github.com/GerHobbelt/mupdf
                               1 : https://github.com/rtajan/eirballoon
                               1 : https://github.com/jimmejardine/qiqqa-open-source
                               0 : https://github.com/Bianca5grace/qiqqa-open-source
                               0 : https://github.com/loochao/qiqqa-open-source
                               0 : https://github.com/Earlgreycat11/qiqqa-open-source
                               0 : https://github.com/gamalkamal/qiqqa-open-source
                               0 : https://github.com/pmfai25/qiqqa-open-source
                               0 : https://github.com/sberney/qiqqa-open-source
                               0 : https://github.com/shashkovAS/qiqqa-open-source
                               0 : https://github.com/simpsonx/qiqqa-open-source
                               0 : https://github.com/GerHobbelt/qiqqa-open-source
                               0 : https://github.com/RichardYan314/qiqqa-open-source
                               0 : https://github.com/Ritsuka314/qiqqa-open-source
                               2 : https://github.com/ali50m/qiqqa-open-source
                               0 : https://github.com/bad-d0nkey/qiqqa-open-source
                               0 : https://github.com/klmckinney/qiqqa-open-source
                               0 : https://github.com/ArekBialek/qiqqa-open-source
                               0 : https://github.com/v1j4y/irpjast
                               1 : https://github.com/v1j4y/MIPP_tutorial
                               0 : https://github.com/JamesZzn/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/greenhand123456879/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/helloLoey/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/manukeface/MIPP
                               0 : https://github.com/MaxwellSun/aff3ct_FEC_Benchmark
                               0 : https://github.com/ValeraMikhaylovsky/MIPP
                               1 : https://github.com/bonben/aff3ct_starter
                               2 : https://gitlab.lip6.fr/cassagnea/easypap-se.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/viroulep/easypap-se.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/Thesola10/easypap-se.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/kouchy/easypap-se.git
                               1 : https://github.com/GerHobbelt/oss-libraries-of-interest
                               2 : https://gitlab.lip6.fr/parallel-programming/easypap-se.git
                               1 : https://github.com/GerHobbelt/owemdjee
                               2 : https://gitlab.lip6.fr/parallel-programming/motion-sesi.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.lip6.fr/parallel-programming/motion-eise.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.lip6.fr/parallel-programming/murb-se.git
                               0 : https://github.com/JaeDukSeo/imogen
                               0 : https://github.com/farkmarnum/imogen
                               2 : https://github.com/BenViningMusicSoftware/Shared-code
                               2 : https://github.com/benthevining/Shared-code
                               1 : https://github.com/Wujian-sinemedia/Lemons
                               0 : https://github.com/matt9735/Lemons
https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/coq/coq.git:
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/coq/coq.git
                               1 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/coq/coq
                               2 : https://scm.gforge.inria.fr/anonscm/git/coq/coq.git
                               0 : https://github.com/MSoegtropIMC/coq
                               1 : https://github.com/coq/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/coq/coq.git
                               2 : https://git.launchpad.net/~jgross-h/coq/+git/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/nomeata/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/ppedrot/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/maximedenes/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/herbelin/github-coq
                               0 : https://github.com/ejgallego/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/JasonGross/coq
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/Zimmi48/coq.git
                               0 : https://github.com/Zimmi48/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/SkySkimmer/coq
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/JasonGross/coq.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/vbgl/coq.git
                               0 : https://github.com/vbgl/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/gares/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/pythonesque/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/sailfish009/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/mattam82/coq
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/ppedrot/coq.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/coq/coq.git
                               0 : https://github.com/fajb/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/liyishuai/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/sampablokuper/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/llee454/coq
                               1 : https://github.com/HoTT/Coq-HoTT
                               1 : https://github.com/HoTT/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/vbgl/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/tchajed/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/keigoi/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/noti0na1/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/jfehrle/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/validsdp/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/mir-ikbch/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/lukaszcz/coq
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/ejgallego/coq.git
                               0 : https://github.com/wkwkes/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/wkwkes/Coq
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/SkySkimmer/coq.git
                               0 : https://github.com/HazardousPeach/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/nlewycky/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/konradburnik/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/scravy/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/anton-trunov/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/VincentSe/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/lastland/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Chobbes/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/dashlandtank/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/ayufan/coq
                               1 : https://github.com/coq/platform
                               0 : https://github.com/dra27/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/kyoDralliam/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/spanjel/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Zhang-Liao/coq-1
                               0 : https://github.com/LasseBlaauwbroek/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Erroman/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/rnrand/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/DabrowskiFr/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/cstolze/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/carlpaten/coq-1
                               0 : https://github.com/lilred/coq-1
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/Alizter/coq.git
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/fakusb/coq.git
                               0 : https://github.com/0-wiz-0/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/2496319299/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Agnishom/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/AlanKing941010/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/ArkenV/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/ComputerScientistDanny/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/varlardohaeris/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/AsiminaAth/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/ClaudeXin/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Cmfw1341/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Columbus240/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/DKXXXL/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/DavidY2014/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Dessertion/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/ENXING/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Edgoze/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Gopiandcode/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/JanaIsmail/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/JarYamsiv/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/isqnwtn/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/JerryHue/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/JuanCoRo/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/KanshuYokoo/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Roseysuzaina/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/KevOrr/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/LionZXY/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/LumaKernel/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/MUsamaJaved/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Man-On-Earth/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/MartinMeng008/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Milko-R/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/NP95/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Octachron/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Playfloor/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/PraharshitaK-IS/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/keltrycroft/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Rhaphaello/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Ricagraca/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Ricky0827/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Sam-at-git/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/marklemay/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/SethPoulsen/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/TaoYuanGit/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/TermuxArch/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/dwayne45/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Thessal/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Tryweirder/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/pascutto/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/VVViy/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/VinayaSathyanarayana/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/yosef0109/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Yosef0109/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/lucky-dev88/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/lucky-luo630/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/thomsjohn/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Yu-s-Graduation-Project/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Zdancewic/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/addap/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/al3623/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/alinab/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/alxbnct/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/arnaldo2008/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/ayanamists/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/bdbabiak/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/bgregoir/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/bigdgu/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/bmwiedemann/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/bsall/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/bshvass/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/btj/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/butterkeks797/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/chambart/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/createyourpersonalaccount/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/csgordon/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/daotlresearch/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/darbyhaller/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/rojii/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/dogjg/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/educationofjon/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/indiorojo/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/eakuefner/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/edwardcwang/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/elisemcccabe/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/euisuny/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/eupp/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/f-fries/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/fagan2888/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/fairhopeweb/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/fakusb/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/famishedfish/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/formalize/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/gadmm/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/gasparattila/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/gpetiot/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/guzmandrade/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/hbshim/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/ianmcknnn/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/horribleprogramdev/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/iCodeIN/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/innofarah/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/isabella232/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/ivanbakel/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/jaccokrijnen/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/janmasrovira/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/mgbedmar/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/quimFIB/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/jcbf/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/jgarte/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/jlottes/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/joe-nano/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/joker881/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/jtcoolen/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/kindaro/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/klpklpklp/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/koraa/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/kordy/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/larsr/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/lefkou/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/leiloong/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/lgaeher/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/lhutyra/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/liondingdang/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/liqiunhero/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/locksley1337/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/lym01803/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/splitcells/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/martins-1992/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/maxxpersin/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/mdempsky/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/menglu47/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/yuan47/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/minkiminki/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/miyazakizachary/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/moninjf/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/mpu/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/mrG7/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/mstewartgallus/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/mukeshtiwari/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/nateyazdani/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/neolee7300/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/waynejr2/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/njt123/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/obazl-repository/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/obazl/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/ocaml-flambda/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/opt9/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/paldepind/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/pointoflight/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/proux01/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/puneetsinghania/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/purnima007/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/qcfu-bu/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/quarkcool/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/rgrinberg/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/rrika/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/rs-store-personal/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/rs-store/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/rudynicolop/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/sangeeta0201/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/scinart/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/seanwallawalla-forks/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/shinnar/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/shreifelsaid/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/slrnsc/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/spring1843/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/stop-cran/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/strogo/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/sumi45/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/t6s/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/terminatorlxj/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/todun/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/treinen/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/trilis/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/victor-zed/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/vyorkin/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/wangyanhai/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/wilcoxjay/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/willow-llc-123/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/yamarten/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/yugawara/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/zaka59/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/zhutony/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/zygi/coq
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/palata-github/coq-mirror.git
                               0 : https://github.com/seanpm2001/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/seanpm2001/Coq_Coq
                               0 : https://github.com/XVilka/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/arthuraa/coq
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/ionathanch/coq.git
                               0 : https://github.com/ionathanch/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/eladrion/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/7rooper/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/FoeinLove/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/mawaywoo/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/fbanados/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/kentokazumoto/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/paulthomasjerome/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/InspectorDidi/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/victoria-petite/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Vtec234/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/isuruf/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/neshkeev/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/caleridas/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/hendriktews/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/pramit-marattha/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/jflopezfernandez/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/lerual/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/carlosorochi/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/ITyuri/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/mithilproof/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/xldenis/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Holly-Jiang/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Phinneas/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/amirgithhub/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/andres-erbsen-sifive/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/jwmeert/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/dalcoder/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/garrigue/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/guilhermepardo/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/igxactly-forks/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/jaredforth/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/wilbowma/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Nathan-E-White/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/madhusudans/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/shiatsumat/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/QvQ1111111111/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/huamichaelchen/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/pestun/coq
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/lelf/coq.git
                               0 : https://github.com/llelf/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/exprosic/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/kargq/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/stjordanis/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/xavierleroy/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/olaure01/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/cpitclaudel/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/klauso/coq
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/llee454/coq.git
                               0 : https://github.com/SimonBoulier/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/a4a881d4/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/thery/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/chdoc/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/zaprice/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/swils/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/jyizheng/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/kaylangan/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/francoisthire/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/lukenels/coq
                               1 : https://github.com/UniMath/UniMath
                               1 : https://github.com/uwplse/coq-change-analytics
                               0 : https://github.com/jojhelfer/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/NNN1998/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/namnam7/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Kristall-WangShiwei/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/KristallWang/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/DanRutz/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/u6684258/coq
                               1 : https://github.com/coq/coq-on-cachix
                               0 : https://github.com/ajayeeralla/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/jashug/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/deprecated-account-345/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/Aprilthefirst/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/rowhit/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/yu-hamada/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/davidad/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/lthms/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/langston-barrett/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/el5036ny-s/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/fteng77/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/frankymacster/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/mortberg/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/silene/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/palmskog/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/sahwar/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/mdnahas/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/maggesi/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/benediktahrens/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/tlringer/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/brando90/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Janno/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/sacerdot/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/Harman321/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/ichistmeinname/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/yudetamago/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/akr/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/beta-ziliani/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/snyke7/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/DanGrayson/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/Armael/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/CohenCyril/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/tbrk/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/c-connors/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/andreaslyn/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Lysxia/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/mikeshulman/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/Alizter/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/SkySkimmer/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/andreaslyn/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/Jmw150/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/tavakyan/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/proux01/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/mattam82/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/maximedenes/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/JasonGross/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/amintimany/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/ggonthier/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/andres-erbsen/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/4meta5/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/erikmd/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Mbodin/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/corwin-of-amber/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/hivert/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/vlj/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/cmmbranco/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/ckeller/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/UniMath-edu/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/infrastrukt/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/jscarfy/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/gretay-js/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Anhooo/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/jaykru/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/nicholas-castro/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/marcbezem/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/jashug/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/DanGrayson/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/diziet/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/tigerneil/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/johnbendi/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/Matafou/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/FrankLoud/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/co-dan/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/letouzey/coq-wip
                               0 : https://github.com/fchapoton/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/roglo/coq
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/maximedenes/coq.git
                               0 : https://github.com/hawnzug/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/cnheider/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/thierry-martinez/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/vitalibarozzi/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/intigonzalez/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/amblafont/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/MSoegtropIMC/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/JLimperg/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/robbertkrebbers/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/mdnahas/coq_www
                               0 : https://github.com/rmatthes/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/bts8394/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/varkor/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/Blaisorblade/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/tomdjong/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/nmvdw/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/steeleprice/HoTT
                               1 : https://github.com/jaycech3n/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/EgbertRijke/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/unimath2019-ag/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/mr-infty/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/benediktahrens/Schools
                               0 : https://github.com/Sprinterzzj/Schools
                               0 : https://github.com/elisabethbonnevier/Schools
                               0 : https://github.com/elisabethstenholm/Schools
                               0 : https://github.com/paigenorth/Schools
                               0 : https://github.com/mortberg/Schools
                               0 : https://github.com/yforster/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/lambdaxymox/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/ekim1919/Schools
                               0 : https://github.com/unimath2019-ri/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/jad-hamza/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/Matafou/UniMath
                               2 : https://github.com/vbgl/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/Chgrau/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/unimath2019-tt/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/AntoineAllioux/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/allioux/UniMath
                               2 : https://github.com/jaycech3n/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/jozefg/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/vejmin/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/lemastero/UniMath
                               2 : https://github.com/DonaldKellett/HoTT
                               2 : https://github.com/EmirBeyTokmak/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/esg/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/maximedenes/UniMath
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/aa755/coq.git
                               0 : https://github.com/aa755/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/mroman42/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/zmgehlke/UniMath
                               1 : https://github.com/pi8027/efficient-finfun
                               1 : https://github.com/pi8027/presburger
                               0 : https://github.com/ybertot/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/mewbak/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/SaschaAlex/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/olynch/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/zeldovich/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/ciobaca/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/haselwarter/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/ongyiren1994/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/zaka59/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/whonore/HoTT
                               2 : https://github.com/artagnon/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/euisuny/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/fylux/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/gnoramus/HoTT-Coq
                               0 : https://github.com/gnoramus/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/MaxRel/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/kristinas/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/lambdabetaeta/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/gnosk/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/kakavandi/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/dominik-kirst/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/gares/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/quawai/HoTT
                               2 : https://github.com/max6cn/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/ajwang/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/h-roy/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/Ascarshen/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/aim-solva/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/jcommelin/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/InspectorDidi/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/KyleDavidE/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/lehmacdj/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/tomajar/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/DanielKamphorst/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/tbrs2/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/beyonddream-productions/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/beyonddream/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/BasicAcid/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/njt123/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/tcampion/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/mpopie/HoTT
                               2 : https://github.com/solecapersono/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/giorgio93p/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/uemurax/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/MaximeLucasSky/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/m-lindgren/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/jdchristensen/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/amato-gianluca/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/owainwest/UniMath
                               2 : https://github.com/amato-gianluca/UniMath.git
                               0 : https://github.com/tamaravonglehn/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/peterlefanulumsdaine/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/AnthonyBordg/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/cathlelay/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/abooij/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/UlrikBuchholtz/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/fpvandoorn/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/andrejbauer/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/unimath2019-ct/UniMath
                               2 : https://github.com/jaycech3n/Schools
                               0 : https://github.com/DanGrayson/UniMath-Workshops
                               0 : https://github.com/tomdjong/Schools
                               0 : https://github.com/andrejbauer/Schools
                               0 : https://github.com/annamiraotoole/Schools
                               0 : https://github.com/erikmd/Schools
                               0 : https://github.com/faineance/Schools
                               0 : https://github.com/paulcadman/Schools
                               0 : https://github.com/bts8394/Schools
                               0 : https://github.com/ppedrot/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/ekim1919/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/Tobias-Schmude/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/mattam82/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/4meta5/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/TimRichter/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/steeleprice/UniMath
                               1 : https://github.com/briancabbott/Category-Theory-Presentation
                               0 : https://github.com/ppedrot/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/peterlefanulumsdaine/HoTT
                               2 : https://github.com/mawaywoo/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/njndtu/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/niccoloveltri/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/YvesDaaboul/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/barras/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/NuriaQueralt/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/mehrdad-shokri/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/seanpm2001/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/seanwallawalla-forks/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/GuillaumeGen/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/elisabethbonnevier/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/elisabethstenholm/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/lecopivo/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/JBakouny/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/herbelin/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/proux01/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/ybertot/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/fizruk/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/gnosk/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/lambdaxymox/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/b-mehta/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/mustard-seed/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/stjordanis/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/joe-nano/UniMath
                               2 : https://github.com/tonyxty/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/gasche/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/JasonGross/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/LibertasSpZ/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/peterlefanulumsdaine/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/kit-ty-kate/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/jpdeplaix/coq
                               1 : https://github.com/gares/vscoq-language-server
                               0 : https://github.com/maximedenes/vscoq-language-server
                               0 : https://github.com/swils/vscoq-language-server
                               0 : https://github.com/RalfJung/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/l3dlp-sandbox/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/jaykru/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/Ptival/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/jhjourdan/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/proofengineering/coq
                               2 : https://github.com/nyraghu/UniMath
                               1 : https://github.com/mattam82/Coq-Equations
                               0 : https://github.com/martinescardo/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/tvignon/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/FirasKhalife/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/kisonecat/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/SchrodingerZhu/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/patrick-nicodemus/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/adhalanay/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/mlliarm/UniMath
                               2 : https://gitlab.com/coq-community/vscoq.git
                               1 : https://github.com/coq-community/vscoq
                               2 : https://github.com/vincentjzimmer/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/sailfish009/Coq-Equations
                               0 : https://github.com/smalewski/Coq-Equations
                               0 : https://github.com/adhalanay/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/vcvpaiva/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/SkySkimmer/Coq-Equations
                               0 : https://github.com/jfehrle/Coq-Equations
                               0 : https://github.com/herbelin/Coq-Equations
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/mdenes/coq.git
                               0 : https://github.com/mattam82/certicoq
                               0 : https://github.com/intoverflow/certicoq
                               0 : https://github.com/yforster/certicoq
                               0 : https://github.com/joom/certicoq
                               1 : https://github.com/JasonGross/personal-website
                               2 : https://gitlab.inria.fr/tmartine/coq.git
                               0 : https://github.com/gmalecha/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/clarus/Coq-Equations
                               0 : https://github.com/Alizter/Coq-Equations
                               0 : https://github.com/lambdaxymox/certicoq
                               0 : https://github.com/Jmw150/certicoq
                               0 : https://github.com/ekim1919/HoTT
                               0 : https://github.com/CoqHott/coq
                               0 : https://github.com/gares/Coq-Equations
                               1 : https://github.com/MetaCoq/metacoq
                               0 : https://github.com/proux01/metacoq
                               0 : https://github.com/mrhaandi/Coq-Equations
                               0 : https://github.com/yforster/Coq-Equations
                               0 : https://github.com/yannl35133/metacoq
                               0 : https://github.com/ppedrot/Coq-Equations
                               0 : https://github.com/maximedenes/vscoq
                               0 : https://github.com/kyoDralliam/Coq-Equations
                               0 : https://github.com/logicosimo/UniMath
                               0 : https://github.com/maximedenes/Coq-Equations
                               1 : https://github.com/UCSD-PL/proverbot9001
                               0 : https://github.com/CBMM/proverbot9001
                               0 : https://github.com/brando90/proverbot9001
                               0 : https://github.com/differentialderek/Coq-HoTT
